
Suggest dev. team to provide documentations of Advanced usage of API (viewer.impl)
Post one article of DevTv, keep updating. (Post segmentfault on WeChat official account)
Forge lab - on-line


3rd week of March: VR topic. Zhong + ACRD engineers ( send outline by this end of week)
	   April 20th: Xiaodong
   ADN Summit agenda discussion (April) 


Zhong put more energy on Stingray API this year.
	  Zhong check any possibility with other unit. 

DevTv
	DevTv series of Forge
		translate from global DevTv or do ourselves (depending on which is more efficient, case by case) 
		2 / month (basic steps, basic operations, debug tricks, download offline svf,  how to find material ).
 		+ BIM 360 Docs (late half year..wait for more progress)
	DevTV of desktop:
		Revit, AutoCAD, Inventor. Fusion
		Maya API basic?  By this chance, build the community of Maya, to help the evangelism of Forge as well. Zhong will evaluate.
 
	Where to ﻿put Forge resources ? >> 
		PPT and dataset, mayve post on Forge portal https://forge.autodesk.com/blog 
		video:  Youku ?? 
 
Activities with vendors
	Connect to Guyu’s activity?  (TBD)
		Not yet decided.  Xianhua is pushing

	Shanghai Innospace:
 	   Autodesk Tech Day
 	   one time / month.  Not only Forge, invite partner/ACRD. More or less related with Forge
	   Guyu will cooperate
	   possibility of live show ?
	   
ForgeLab (on-line) (TBD)
	QA, inlcuding some basic developing tricks such as how to find material. 
	
	
ForgeLab (on-site)
	a kind of replacement of Accelerator
	1 day
	connect to AU China 
	connect Roadshow >> each city
  
ADN summit 
   June 21st
 
Classroom training
     Aug 21st. 
	 in Shanghai Univ.

 
Roadshow
	Beijing, Shanghai, Wuhan, Shenzheng  |  Xi’an? Kunming? Chengdu?
	+Meetup
	+ForgeLab
 
Forge Conf + AU China 
 Shanghai - Nov
 +ForgeLab

ForgeLab after AU China  
 
Forge Conf - Beijing (Dec.)
        
Meetups & Outside conf.
Js Conf? Shiya? Xiaodong check date
Node.js Shiya?  Xiaodong check date

meetup/hackthon hosted by Shanghai univ. ? maybe next year...

AEC Hackathon?

iWeb. check with the organizer . 
Unity https://www.huodongjia.com/event-1879856525.html ( booth ， zhong AR topic proposal?) 

51CTO: check with the organizer

segmentFault: check with the organizer
Watch chances of community

 
App award activity of Guyu (TBD)
discuss next time   
        Guyu leading
        One time / year. 1-2 best apps for real requirements. Can introduce on AU China, free ticket
        Autodesk ADN assist 
 
More cooperation with Guyu (TBD)
discuss next time.  
Autodesk ADN as a consultant. Review the recourses they produced
           Autodesk day in the incubator centers of GuYu. Our team assist a few times. (Maybe May?) 



Customer communication:
1.  M&E conf. Sales hosted. Maya UAV for hackathon. 
2.  Tianjin, Univ Sholarship. Annocument, workshop,  QA on projects. Xiaodong and Xianhua go to workshop after Taiwan DevDays.
3. Beijing Building Univ. need to check
4.  Hubei Univ,  4 proposals , feedback to them.  Live meeting.
5. Shanghai Univ. not yet.  Live meeting.
6. Binfu: construction. Want to test Wanda-Group model.
7. IMEFuture: MFG requirement & vendor & manufacture & MES system. Interested in Fusion.  Will have big volume of drawings.  40 M  3M/month. Xianhua feedback to Shawn
8. Wanda-Group. Research became to sale deal. 
9. ADN fulfilment center >> GUYU. 

10. Protolab. 



















